Our dashboard prototype in R currently has four plots just like we had in our Python prototype. In the top left is a bar chart which shows either the top 10 songs or top 10 artists and their mean popularity score. The plot on the top right shows how many songs were released each year in each genre, while the one on the bottom right shows the mean popularity of songs in each genre over time. Finally, the plot on the bottom left shows the number of songs released in each of the subgenres as a bubble plot. For interactivity, we have implemented three widgets. The first is a multiple option drop-down menu that allows multiple genres to be selected. The second is a slider to select the year range of records to consider. The results of both change what is displayed in all four plots. Finally, there is a radio button to change whether the top 10 songs or artists are displayed in the chart on the top left. Moving forward, this could be changed to a radio button. We’ve also decided to wrangle our data and save it in csv files to save on computations while the dashboard is running so that interactions are faster.

During this milestone, we have done a good job of replicating what we did in Python in R. Moving forward, our two biggest tasks will be to make the user interface less clunky and more visually appealing. This will include getting our labels to be clearer and better lined up with the components and fixing the font colors on the slider bar to make them more readable. One other improvement we could make would be to link the subgenre plot to the genre count and popularity over time plots. One way to do this might be so that if the user clicks on one of the genres in the plots, another plot appears to show the breakdown into subgenres.  

Overall, we found creating our dashboard in R to be a little less smooth than creating it in Python since Dash has been better integrated with Python. The documentation was also not as readily available. That being said, our efficient group work flow allowed us to succeed in translating our app to a new language. 
