# Milestone 4 Reflection
### What We've Implemented
Our final polished dashboard has four plots arranged in a grid. In the top left, there is a bar chart showing either the top 10 artists by popularity or the top 10 songs, which can be switched using the radio button above it. In the top-right plot, we have the number of songs released each year in the six different genres. Then in the bottom left, we have a bubble chart showing the count of records released in each of the subgenres. Finally, in the bottom right, we have a bar chart with the top 10 subgenres by popularity. The data shown in all four of these plots is changed based on which genres are selected in the dropdown menu and which years are selected in the range slider. Overall, we have implemented everything we planned on implementing. 

### What's Changed Since Milestone Three 
Based on the Feedback we received last week, we have changed the bottom right plot from a line graph showing genre popularity over time to a bar chart showing the mean popularity of the top 10 subgenres, which gives more meaningful insight. We also changed our tooltips to be more descriptive, especially for the top 10 songs, so that it now displays artists as well. We also changed the genre bar so it's narrower and easier to see. Finally, we fine-tuned our layout so that everything is nicely lined up, fonts and backgrounds are consistent, and we moved pre-wrangled data into separate CSV files to try and speed things up. Overall, the feedback was really helpful for improving our dashboard and we have been told that it's well set up and easy to use. The biggest thing most people told us with our last app was that the genre popularity over time plot was too messy to gain insights from and that our plots needed titles. We took both of these insights to heart and implemented them. 
